but that suffer a p
hey everyone is happy mexico
is celebrating a great victory 10
as you saw the tri first of all
Good Excellent was contained to
rival that he took he has worried that
Cameron his stars that play here
Mexico around here made the rival not
appeared today controls it dominated with
personality with character hair but only
that there is a serious problem in this cup
the world
from brazil we saw him in unemployment towards him
they stole precisely from mexico they robbed him in
Spain was violated practically not
you can let go compadre and talking about
the referees you think that that could
affect the next game when the
Brazilian host who already has a favorite
It's going to be very complicated because if I
you say very politically speaking 11
against 11 it will go and paid but you know
that there will be 11 against 12 and 12 of
Brazil is going to be the referee you think
the fifa must intervene before
this continues to be a
he is not going to do it but why are they
helping that the taste and the
five-time world champion
the host reaches the final so that
everyone has eyes on a
end between embers
yes
we are talking seriously we are talking
of a world
If you can not against the enemy, join him
Welcome
master music
I live from Quito
why not